yana alstom company we present to you
Japanese internet auction from a pair of aud 6.4 with
using our system is the same
it seems possible to purchase
the car right on the Japanese collapse
without leaving home or office for this
six steps are required
this genre is the first registration
registration in the system is completely free
to fill a small form
take a few seconds
rub
Bouchard second to deposit
to our bank account you
transfer the amount of the deposit and get
the right to participate in the Japanese port of the absurd
step three bet
out of more than five ten thousand
exhibited
for sale cars
choose the answer to all
bad requirements
and the designers matter that is a fact
rub
step four payment of cost after
winning the auction we are one team
Golts invoice for payment
based on which you list
car cost
in the complaint as well as transportation
after paying the cost of the car
we arrange all necessary
documents immerse the car
we send port
receive
from abroad the sixth is not the most pleasant
for a week I think you all ship to port
appointments our manager will contact
you
Irina set the date of receipt of information
m advantage of Japanese issues
quality assurance
every car extends
careful inspection which is carried out
highly qualified specialists
expert opinion
so-called voices
with photos attached to each
I need to win I am Russian olonts he
is a prime example
civilized market relations
then as protected as possible
so seller's interests of such buyers
auction principle excludes
artificial price increase commitment to
these principles
let's start with digestion
your table is rampant
lecture hall
Based on the foregoing, you can
conclude that
Apple's auction together system
Chorales 6.6 is the most advanced
fall out of the way
purchasing a car